Group Name: Digital Dream Team 
  

Availability for meeting expectations 
At least twice a week, be able to meet during designated Lab time and Thursdays and Fridays @2:30PM. If possible, meetings on Sundays at 5:00PM to review current progress. 
Attendance during meetings will be taken and documentation for meeting notes can be found on OneNote. 
Response time to communication expectations 
At least 24h, >24h if closer to deadline or if urgent via Teams. If you miss a meeting give notice beforehand and make sure to follow up with the team on any updates or needs for the project.    

Definition of done: when is a task complete? (hint: "I'm done with that but I didn't check it in to github" is not done.) 
The task is done only when the person who was doing the task has checked it into github, let others know pull request is needed and it has been reviewed by at least 2 people then merged. 
Task also must be updated on Trello. 

Scrum meeting format/frequency and distribution of documentation tasks (meeting minutes, updating task board) - Nick 
Product Backlog Meeting  
Product backlog will be done by our previous homework assignments and comparing with the rest of the groups homework submissions. No meeting will be held unlike typical scrum. 

Sprint Planning Meeting 
This will happen during lab time at the beginning of each sprint. This meeting will take the whole lab time and discuss the tasks for the sprint and assign tasks based on group members interests and skills. Documenting tasks will be assigned to one member at the beginning of the meeting to keep up with the group on Trello. The rest of the group must take notes to understand what tasks they need to complete and what other members are working on. Meeting minutes will also be assigned to one group member to take care of. 

Daily Scrum Meetings 
Format - Scrum meetings will be 2-3 times a week for 30 minutes. Typical Scrum would be daily 15-minute meetings we will adjust for our difference in schedules by having longer meetings. The meeting will be used to discuss progress on the task assigned to each group member.
Frequency - We will meet during lab time and on Thursdays. This will be a good start to be able to meet at the beginning of the week and before the weekend to ensure all questions about tasks can be answered before the weekend when people typically work on homework.  
Documentation – At the beginning of each meeting one group member will be assigned to document meeting minutes and another member to update the task board. Normally this job would just be assigned to one person each time but for the sake of learning Scrum each group member will get practice doing each task for at least one meeting. At the end of the meeting, we will make sure everyone shared their progress and then everyone will review the documentation done in that meeting. Once the documentation change is approved by everyone, we will save our work and make sure it is accessible for everyone to look back on or view if they have to miss that meeting.  
Distribution - Procedure for adopting policies (e.g. code style, code check-in steps, documentation updates) 
if you adopt such a policy during the initial meeting, put it here 
Follow SOLID principles, commit on a different branch, create pull request, let someone know to get it reviewed and approved. Merge request.

Procedure for handling a team member who is not meeting expectations: 
We will inform the team member that they are not meeting expectations: We will initiate a private conversation with the team member to discuss specific areas where their performance is falling short. We will provide clear examples and constructive feedback to help them understand the gaps in their work. 
We will let the team member know that this is strike two for not meeting expectations: We will emphasize the importance of meeting performance standards and remind the team member that this is not the first instance of their performance concerns being addressed. We will clearly communicate the consequences of continued underperformance. 
We will get involved with the Teaching Assistant (TA) and inform them that a team member is not meeting expectations: We will collaborate with the TA to assess the situation and determine potential solutions. We will provide relevant context and evidence to support the discussion and ensure a unified approach to addressing the issue. 
If the TA is unable to resolve the conflict, we will notify the instructor: If efforts to address the team member's underperformance with the TA prove ineffective, we will escalate the matter to the instructor. We will provide a detailed summary of the situation, including previous actions taken and any relevant documentation. We will collaborate with the instructor to develop a plan for further intervention or disciplinary action if necessary. 


  

Signatures:  

Haroun Mekonnen, 
Mohammad Alsheikh,  
Nicholas Birschbach, 
Andrew Ly, 
Melanie Barrios 
